{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Project 1 Readme\
\
Run each cell sequentially:\
\
Cell 1 (hand labeling): Note this cell must be run separately via terminal, as RoiPoly is not compatible with Jupyter notebook.  First, change the directory in two lines where commented - the first to wherever the first of your training images is saved, and the second to wherever you want the first associated numpy array mask saved.  Then, copy contents of cell into terminal or other IDE to hand draw the barrel outline and close the figure.  Repeat this for all training images. All mask arrays are saved off in the attached .zip folder.\
\
Cell 2 (import data saved off from cell 1 back to Jupyter notebook): First, change the directory where commented to where you saved off your first numpy mask.  Uncomment the 3rd and 4th from the last lines as noted, comment the last two lines as noted, and then run this cell once.  Then, comment the 3rd and 4th from the last lines as noted, uncomment the last two lines as noted, and keep this way for the remainder of times running this cell.  Re-run this cell for all saved off arrays, changing the directory file each time.\
\
Cell 3 (save final training labels): Change the directory where commented to save off the numpy arrays containing the class labels. Run once. (This is for ease so that cell 2 does not have to be re-run for every training image if the kernel is shut down).  These arrays are also saved off in the .zip folder.\
\
Cell 4 (load final training labels): Change the directory where commented to load the numpy arrays containing the class labels from where you saved them. Run once.\
\
Cell 5 (calculate mean, covariance matrix, and prior prob): Run once.\
\
Cell 6 (load test image): Change directory to where test image is saved. Run once\
\
Cell 7 (main calculations/algorithm): Run once - may take some time.\
\
Cell 8 (display results): Run once.\
\
NOTE: can\'92t run script as recommended in homework description with cv2, because Jupyter notebook kernel crashes whenever cv2\'92s imshow is run, so cells 6-8 should be ran for this purpose instead.}